README.md, before:

### Car Store ###
```
Folder name: carstore
```

#### Note for participants: ####
Installation:
```
- Extension for VSCode:
    Live Sass Compile
- Setting for setting.json of Live Sass Compile:
    + Open file setting.txt and copy all content, then: 
        open file setting.json of Live Sass Compile and paste:
            {
                "workbench.colorTheme": "Monokai",
                "workbench.iconTheme": "eq-material-theme-icons-darker",
                ...
                // Paste here !!!
            }
    + Turn off VSCode and open again to use.
```
Attension:
```
- Please operate on the specified branch.
- Use HTML5/CSS3 and Sass/Scss for project. 
- If you have questions, ask our chat team questions on messenger.
- Add /css/ folder into .gitignore file to limit conflit for project.
  Thanks!
```

To use API:
```
Change IP address localhost or 127.0.0.1 in your PC with new IP address: carauto.local
```

#### Developments Installation: ####
```
Updating...
```

#### Participants: ####
- [Bui Trung Hau](https://github.com/BuiTrungHau1312)
- [Luu Duc Hoa](https://github.com/Luuduchoa2504)
- [Van Minh Hoang](https://github.com/vanminhhoang)
- [Do Truong Giang](https://github.com/doTruongGiang-IT)
- [Duong Bac Dong](https://github.com/Bacdong)

#### Note: ####
```
- Not complete, just the project initialization.
- Updating...
```

Commit message:

Add JSON structure for POST method create product

README.md, after:

### Car Store ###
```
Folder name: carstore
```

#### Note for participants: ####
Installation:
```
- Extension for VSCode:
    Live Sass Compile
- Setting for setting.json of Live Sass Compile:
    + Open file setting.txt and copy all content, then: 
        open file setting.json of Live Sass Compile and paste:
            {
                "workbench.colorTheme": "Monokai",
                "workbench.iconTheme": "eq-material-theme-icons-darker",
                ...
                // Paste here !!!
            }
    + Turn off VSCode and open again to use.
```
Attension:
```
- Please operate on the specified branch.
- Use HTML5/CSS3 and Sass/Scss for project. 
- If you have questions, ask our chat team questions on messenger.
- Add /css/ folder into .gitignore file to limit conflit for project.
  Thanks!
```

To use API:
```
    Change IP address localhost or 127.0.0.1 in your PC with new IP address: carauto.local
    * To use POST method create new product :
        {
            "name" = ,
            "image" = ,
            "price" = ,
            "brief" = ,
            "category_id" = ,
            "status_product" = ,
            "url" = ,
        }
```

#### Developments Installation: ####
```
Updating...
```

#### Participants: ####
- [Bui Trung Hau](https://github.com/BuiTrungHau1312)
- [Luu Duc Hoa](https://github.com/Luuduchoa2504)
- [Van Minh Hoang](https://github.com/vanminhhoang)
- [Do Truong Giang](https://github.com/doTruongGiang-IT)
- [Duong Bac Dong](https://github.com/Bacdong)

#### Note: ####
```
- Not complete, just the project initialization.
- Updating...
```
